chemical sensors - water sent to garden supply
use some flow sensors in the pipe, find out water leakages, and inform the people

dams water management - people were killed due to sudden release of dam water. you can sense water level using sensors, and then release water accordingly, they can automatically send alarms to people.



we need to have a data analysis on top of 


most of the water wastage is in industries. societies in big cities.


monitoring the entire building and accessing the water wastage etc.



build a complete system, with very small payment charges required to install the system, very minimal installation charges




send leakage notifications, heavy usage notifications
applicable to gas pipelines also



let's identify the practical problem, why big big societies do not go for water conservation systems




official buildings are less taken care of by, so to make a solution for that part is much better. People who have individual houses, generally don't waste much water, and can easily save water








maximum sources of water wastage - R.O. filters
weather sensors to predict rain, and do irrigation based on that, get water from supply only how much we actually need






we can create a complete holistic app which has many features, and is very low cost system, such that the authorities like it, it is practically feasible














don't talk abstract, no one likes khyaali pulao, people need a proper solution to things

we can send water usage statistics to the supply people, and they can further use the data for understanding the supply dynamics






for many kilometers, there was an industrial society
we are presenting some analytics to the owner based on the data we have received, and we can suggest somethings also to the person.

sensors are on the pipes


water quality measurement module

occasionally get the tank cleaned, find out the way to find that the tank needs to be cleaned



tell the water supply authorities








ALFRED WILLIAM JACOB4:04 PM
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qd1s_hjp0BTODfm3N7WlKS6vgA7mFOhloo3LA8nNRLs/edit#
Egna Praneeth Gummana4:08 PM
What analysis did sir suggest?
Siva4:40 PM
I shared a Jam file with the meeting: https://jamboard.google.com/d/1yHldZgPO0IRTqASnwxFN9dBSmVpy_KbWJhP_d1Q7rA4/edit?usp=meet_whiteboard




use machine learning to create a personalised set of parameters which define how much water is used by a particular house, and thus, the entire society usage data is found out, and sent to the government on a daily basis.

Here, we can use federated learning, basically our model is getting improved everyday, globally, and it is dynamically getting trained on a huge amount of data






water management framework for big housing industrial setups















look at more papers and more websites, to get more ideas, at other topics, and then create a comprehensive solution












pressure sensors to check if pipe might break because of pressure increase
stop water flow using valves in case of a leak
cablespodsensor - can be installed in server rooms where water should not go at all.



https://www.biz4intellia.com/water-leakage-detection-solution/


Analysis and Prediction of Water Quality Using LSTM Deep Neural Networks in IoT Environment
Real time monitoring of water Quality using IoT and Deep learning

these are papers doing Deep learning after collecting data









we will present the comprehensive idea to sir














can we do something related to extracting out cleaner water from water dispose, rather than mixing everything into one, and throwing that away?

can we do something that compels people to themselves close taps in buildings, instead of using huge amount of water? - mostly this is not IOT related

talk about ground water pollution, about replenishing ground water level. using some devices which can clean the water sup


there are 3 types of water outlets, washing water, toilet water and R.O. water.




think of some hardware that can be installed over the already installed infrastructure







put a band around the sink inlet pipe, to detect leakages


put one sensor at the outlet basin also, and also detect if there is person standing in front of the sink or not. If not, close the valve.





sensors used, and particular paper or blog using this technique so that we have concrete information

leakages, water consumption in different units
